The first item I'd like to introduce today is this!
A 100 tonne hammer!
100 tonnes!!
It's 100 tonnes!
By the way, almost all of that weight is...
part of the head!
So the handle is quite amazing!
It's supporting 100 tonnes!
And I'm holding all 100 tonnes of it!!
I'm too amazing for my own good!
But I can't compliment this design enough
It's so easy to understand!
It is obvious to see
that it’s 100 tonnes, right?
Because it’s written there!
This simplicity
is unlike any other!
This hammer
is simple to use!
You raise it above your head...
and go!
How is that?
How easy!
What I’d like to introduce next is...
this!
Glasses!
Please take a close look at them
They’re so cute!
Not wearing them…
and wearing them!
Either way it’s cute!
And most importantly
these glasses...
don’t improve your eyesight!!
They’re only for appeal!
Since I don’t have anything like sight!
The last thing I’d like to introduce is...
this!
The Random Word Generator!
You know...
it’s multi-purpose!
The first matter
is of what it can do
What do you think it can do?
That’s right!
It can do anything!
On top of that,
just like its name,
it is random
So whenever you think,
“Ahh, there’s so many songs I want to sing!
“But I can’t decide which!”
That happens a lot, right?
If you ask
very kindly
Clank-clank-BOOM!
At complete random!
It will give you
various names of songs!
And when you want to travel-
which of course you will!
Even if you only have half a day,
if you want to go to Paris, or London,
it will grant that wish!
This Random Word Generator
can serve any purpose!
It can do anything!
There isn’t one thing it can’t do!
For this Random Word Generator...
Its price...
is...
150,000,000 yen!
So cheap!
Way too cheap!
However!
It’s only on sale virtually!
You won’t buy it, huh?
OK!
So, that's the introduction
When you’re using the products I introduced you to today
I’ll be super happy if you think
“ah, she was right!” and enjoy them!
Anyway, this was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for AI-chan news!
https//discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles, Loserbait, しん